Earth.
Fire.
Air.
Water.
Only the Avatar can master all four elements
and bring balance to the world.
Sync & corrections by wilson0804
Resync by Metal Warrior
Addic7ed.com
The world has entered a new age.
Harmonic convergence created an energy shift
the likes of which has
never been felt before.
And after two weeks.
Republic City continues to recover
from Korra's epic battle with Unavaatu.
Vines have sprouted up all over.
creating pockets of wilds
the spirits have come to call home.
What other changes are
in store for our city?
Come back. Bum-Ju.
If you don't wanna wear
the sweater I made you.
that's fine.
I'm sorry I got mad.
Bum-Ju. I'm running out of tree.
Can we go down now?
Bum-Ju. a little help?
Ah! Ahh!
Look!
I'm airbending.
Ah!
Wow. that still hurt a lot.
How are we ever gonna
clear away all these vines?
I don't get it!
I can vanquish Vaatu.
but not a bunch of stupid vines?
I'm sure you'll find a way.
Why do you wanna get rid of them?
You changed the world.
We're connected with the spirits again.
The wilds are their home.
I don't think the people
who used to live here
are as excited about it as you are.
I gotta go face the press and tell them
I still don't have a way
to get rid of the vines.
This should be fun.
Mr. President.
are you concerned that your approval ratings
are now nearly as low as the Avatar's?
Have you seen today's headline?
It says. "Raik-oh-no. Polls pan Prez plans!"
I'm not concerned with snappy
put-downs in the press.
I'm facing this calamity just
like every other citizen.
There's a tree growing
right through my office.
You think I'm not doing everything I can
to get rid of it?
- A few questions. please!
- Avatar Korra!
Do you regret the way you
handled the Unalaq crisis?
Why are you forcing the
integration of spirits
in Republic City?
Listen.
I've been trying everything I can think of
to get rid of these vines. but...
- why can't you fix this?
- Are the vines here to stay?
Is this part of your new world order?
Look!
Harmonic convergence was
just a couple weeks ago.
I just need a little more time
to get everything back to normal.
The Avatar has put us all in
a very difficult position.
- but my administration...
- Oh!
I'm sorry.
Did I put you in a difficult position
by fighting the giant force of pure evil
that was going to destroy the whole world?
Maybe your administration
could've handled that!
That's all! No more questions!
This is a disaster.
Don't worry. We'll figure something out.
Easy for you to say.
You don't have my poll numbers.
8% approval?
Who were they asking?
You can't take that to heart.
People are just frustrated.
I don't blame them.
I should be able to fix this.
I'm the Avatar.
You are not gonna believe
what just happened.
Where's your father?
Dad!
What is it? What's wrong?
The most amazing. wondrous.
fantastical thing just occurred.
Okay. Bum-Ju and I had a little fight.
I made him this sweater.
and he didn't seem to like it.
And I'll admit it might need work.
but it was my first attempt at knitting.
So I was a little hurt.
Hilarious.
Time for dinner. everyone.
No! Check this out.
I can airbend!
Yeah. wait. Seriously. I was doing it.
Oh. hold on. I just...
Maybe if I...
No.
I swear I'm not making it up.
Stop waving your arms around at the table.
It's not funny anymore.
It's not a joke.
What's up with him?
Bumi says he airbended earlier.
but he can't now.
Oh. and I guess he's not
very good at knitting either.
I gotta say.
I love being a part of this family.
You got the grumpy dad. the wacky Uncle.
The put-upon mom. crazy kids.
This is great. Where's Mako?
Oh. you mean the brooding teenager?
He's staying at the police station.
Still?
I told him Tenzin invited us to stay here
since our apartment is a vine habitat now.
but he said he had to focus on work.
Oh! Did you see that?
I think the napkin moved.
You blew on it.
Wait!
Maybe I can only do it
when my life is in danger.
Bolin. bend a giant boulder at me.
Yeah. I don't think that's a good idea.
If you're gonna be bending giant boulders.
you can do it outside.
No one is bending giant boulders!
Look alive. Uncle Bumi!
Ah!
I told you!
Unbelievable.
You're actually an airbender.
Wait until I tell mom.
She's gonna love this.
Ow!
Police.
He what? Slow down.
Okay. I'm on my way.
What the heck did all this?
It was my brother. He's out of control!
Okay. just tell me what happened.
We were arguing about the books.
and Daw was yelling at me.
and all of a sudden things
started flying around!
He was creating this storm like...
Like what?
Well. like he was airbending.
Sir... That's impossible.
There are only five airbenders
in the entire world.
and your brother is not one of them.
I know what I saw.
He was freaking out. yelling.
"what's happening to me?"
Then. he ran into the back room
and locked himself in.
Police. Open up.
Go away!
Get out here. sir.
or I'm knocking this door down.
One...
Two...
Ah! I'm so sorry!
I told you! Airbending!
Ugh! I can't figure this thing out!
Do you think being in the spirit world
during harmonic convergence
could've given him bending?
I suppose it's possible.
Maybe Uncle Bumi is just a late bloomer.
I have been noticing a
change in your aura lately.
And you didn't tell me?
Invisible spirit monster attack?
Lin! You won't believe this.
Bumi just started airbending.
I'm afraid he's not the only one.
What?
I got a call last night
about a guy who just started
airbending out of nowhere.
You mean there's another one?
Where is he now?
He... Blew a door down on me and got away.
We've got an all-points
bulletin out on him right now.
Wait. we'll help you look for him.
Where should we start?
Oh. well. you know. you should...
You should leave it to the police.
It's... Police business. you know.
It's. um... Official.
Okay.
How are you doing?
You know you're welcome to stay here
instead of sleeping at the police station.
No. I'm fine.
I should just get... Going.
So!
As you were...
Ladies.
This is so exciting!
New airbenders in the city?
I bet we can find that guy before Mako does.
You know I'm not very good at this.
You're the Avatar.
master of all the elements.
You should know how to drive.
Besides. it's relaxing.
Clutch! Clutch!
Ugh! Ah! Ugh!
That's the brake.
Let's try again. You ready?
How long do you think talking to Mako
is going to be like pulling teeth?
Well. Mako has never been
the most "in touch with his feelings" guy.
But it'll get better eventually.
So when I was gone.
did he tell you that we broke up?
Yeah. We all knew.
Sorry.
That's pretty embarrassing.
Actually.
I need to tell you something about that.
and I should've told you this sooner.
but... While you were gone.
I...Kind of... Kissed him.
I'm sorry.
No wonder he's so nervous around us.
- You're not mad?
- No!
I mean. I kissed Mako when he
was going out with you. so.
You what?
I'm so sorry! I thought you knew!
I'm just kidding. I knew a long time ago.
Well. whatever happened with Mako
I'm glad it hasn't come between us.
I've never had a girlfriend to hang out with
and talk to before.
except for Naga.
This is nice.
Vine! Vine!
Hey! Watch where you're going!
What are you doing living
in the middle of the road
in the first place?
Don't ask me. Avatar.
You made the world this way.
We're just living in it.
Look. I don't have anything against spirits.
but these vines are causing major problems
all over the city.
Spirits? Vines?
We're all the same.
Seems like the Avatar would know that.
Korra. you okay?
I think that spirit just gave me an idea
how to get rid of these vines.
But I'm gonna need a lot of water.
It's like a dream. dad.
After 170 years. new airbenders.
Dad?
When a new guy gets airbending.
does that make him our brother?
Well. in a way.
all airbenders are our family.
Does that mean I have to share my room?
Because I like my personal space.
Of course not.
But we might have to get used
to not being the only
airbenders around any more.
I hope we have enough for an army.
I wanna be a commander like Uncle Bumi.
Air nomads don't have armies. Meelo.
But maybe there will be enough
to fill the temples again.
What's wrong. daddy?
I just wish your grandfather
were here to see this.
Will you be airbender president?
No.
But I think the new airbenders
will need lots of help and guidance
to understand what it means
to be a part of our nation.
That's a big responsibility.
Don't worry. dad. We'll help you.
I know you will.
I hope this works.
What are you guys doing here?
I was alerted that you had a new plan
to wipe out these noxious weeds.
so I thought you'd want
everyone to be here to watch.
Avatar Korra!
Do you really think... No questions!
Just stand there. Silently!
Go in peace.
How did you know what to do?
Will you send the spirits away now?
How soon can we expect public
water service to resume?
Look out!
Let's go. people. Hurry!
Hang on!
I think that could've gone better.
Can't talk. Meditating.
You must be at the end of your rope.
You hate meditating.
I thought that if I really tried.
I might be able to contact
my past Avatars.
Someone who knows something
to help me.
But I can't.
They're gone and I'm all alone.
Did I ruin everything by leaving
the spirit portals open?
You didn't ruin anything.
You did what you thought was best
for the world.
And now things have changed.
Change can be good or bad.
depending on your point of view.
I know the people's point of view.
- It's bad.
- You're not the president. Korra.
Your job isn't to fix the daily problems
of every person in Republic City.
Your responsibility is to bring balance
to the entire world.
And that means no matter
what you do.
some people are not going to be
happy about it.
Great.
On the other hand. some people will be
very happy.
like me.
What you did during Harmonic Convergence.
may have brought back the Air Nation.
And that can only be good for
restoring balance.
That is the act of a great Avatar.
It's scary.
I have all this power and all these
people depending on me.
but I don't know what I'm supposed
to be doing half the time.
It seems like I should be wiser.
True wisdom begins when we accept
things as they are.
You started a new age Korra.
there's no going back to the past.
Mako called. the cops found
the new airbender guy.
But when they try to bring him in.
he ran away and climbed to the top
of Kyoshi bridge
and he won't come down.
Uh... Sorry. did I interrupt an Avatar
wisdom session?
Avatar wisdom is a thing
of the past. Bolin. Come on.
Oh. Okay.
Is that a good thing?
Depends who you ask.
Come down immediately or we will be forced
to take action.
Stay back! I'm dangerous.
Sorry!
Don't panic. I'm just here to talk.
Please. I don't know what I'm doing
and I don't wanna hurt anyone.
Tell me about it. Rough day. huh?
I'm having kind of a rough day myself.
You mind if I sit down here?
- No.
- I know you're scared.
You've gone through a big change and
it's kind of my fault.
But you're not alone. There are other
airbenders and they want to help you.
Actually. they're really excited to meet you.
I don't want to be an airbender.
Please. you're the Avatar. make it stop.
I'm sorry. I can't.
But I promise you. things will get better
if you just give it a chance.
Let me take you over to Air Temple Island
and we can talk this through.
okay?
Daw. this is Tenzin.
He's going to help you.
It is absolutely my pleasure
to meet you. Daw.
I've never met a new airbender before.
Well. at least not one whose diaper
I didn't have to change.
Actually I just fell off a bridge
so I could use a fresh diaper
right about now.
So is this the deal.
we have a crisis every other day now
thanks to you?
Listen. I know you're having a tough time
getting used to these changes
and I'm sorry for that.
But you and everyone else are gonna
have to learn to live with it.
The vines and the spirits are here to stay.
Well. you know who's not here to stay?
You! I order you to leave this city.
You've caused nothing but trouble
since you arrived.
Don't worry. I was already leaving.
I can see my path now.
There are new airbenders out there and
I'm gonna find them
and rebuild the Air Nation.
Don't think I'm not going with you.
It's so exciting.
Who knows who's out there right now.
discovering the gift of airbending for
the first time.
You know the drill. Zaheer.
Of course.
I hope you still like rice.
Have you ever read the poetry of
the great airbending guru. Lahima?
What?
Guru Lahima lived 4000 years ago
in the Northern Air Temple.
It is said that he unlocked the secret of
weightlessness
and became untethered from the earth.
living his final 40 years without ever
touching the ground.
Is that how you plan to escape.
with something you picked up
from an old airbender children's story?
Like all great children's tales.
it contains truth within the myth.
Lahima once wrote. instinct is a lie.
told by a fearful body hoping to be wrong.
What's that supposed to mean?
It means that when you base your
expectations only on what you see.
you blind yourself to the possibilities
of a new reality.
Unh unh unh. you wouldn't want to singe
your friend. would you?
How?
You're not a bender.
Nature is constantly changing.
like the wind.
Now you might wanna ration that
bowl of rice.
You've got 3 weeks until
the next shift change.
It's the dawning of a new age.
The end of the White Lotus and soon.
the end of the Avatar.
Sync & corrections by wilson0804
Resync by Metal Warrior
Addic7ed.com